# Order Optimization for the Fleet Of Heterogeneous Mobile Robots.

Using Meta-Heuristics Algorithm to solve the Optimization Problem. 

## Constraints:

1. Fleet of Heterogeneous Mobile Robots have Unique Capacities
2. Each item at Pick-Up location have some demand unit. 
3. Each tour total demand must not exceed the robot capacity. 
4. All the pick-up that has to be dropped to a particular deposit location should be picked by the same robot in other words should be present in the tour. 
5. Once the single tour is completed the demand of pick items is updated on Capacity of vehicle(added)

## Defining each Module:

Order_2/station.yaml – This is yaml file containing the information about the location, pick and drop nodes and demands 

GenerateOrder – This module is responsible for reading the Order yaml file and Generating the Pick and Drop list, Demand list of all pick-up location, and List with (x,y) location of all the nodes. 

AntColony – This module selects the nodes based on the nature of Ant-Colony Optimization Algorithm, and constructs the tour based on the constraints mentioned above and returns the tour and tour distance

AntTour – Once the tour is constructed by Antcolony, pheromone are added in this module on edges in the tour. Here for each step, the number of tour constructed is equal to the colony size. The best global tour is selected based on the best global tour distance. 
 
Main – This the main module for running the algorithm. Here for the fleet of mobile robots the order is generated using the modules mentioned above. There are two strategies for selecting the sequence of the robots with unique capacities to accomplish the order. 

1. Sorting the robots based on the capacities in an descending order.
2. Shuffling the robots randomly equal to Factorial(number of robots in the fleet). And selecting the best tour based on the best distance generated by a particular sequence.
